today i will show you how to do
wavy curls with a straightener
two in one
first set the safe temperature
for your hair for convenience at the beginning
divide hair into three zones
using for wives
but
the hardest part is the nape for
convenience flip hair forward
icon they head
start laying from the roots clamp
strand between the plates and slung over
rectifier the slower you drive along
strands
the more elastic is the lock
you can twist the tip of the strand
this will add completeness to your styling
but
repeat laying for middle and top
head areas
it is important that the styling be in one
direction
he
this
and
and more natural effect at the end
beat your hair with your hands
but